# BMake definitions for all BCI2000 projects
# BCI2000 Core
#
Tool bci_datadiff
#OUTDIR#../build/buildutils/tests
../build/buildutils/bci_datadiff.cpp

Root MessageBox
#PROJECTTEMPLATE#GUIApp.bpr
#MAINSOURCE##ROOT#\core\Operator\MessageBox\MessageBox.cpp
#OUTDIR##ROOT#\..\prog\
core/Operator/MessageBox/MessageBox.cpp
core/Operator/OperatorLib/ScriptParser/ParserToken.cpp
shared/types/EncodedString.cpp
shared/config

App CursorTask
3DAPI
core/Application/CursorTask/CursorFeedbackTask.cpp
core/Application/CursorTask/FeedbackScene2D.cpp
core/Application/CursorTask/FeedbackScene3D.cpp

App DummyApplication

App FeedbackDemo
core/Application/FeedbackDemo/FeedbackDemoTask.cpp

App P3Speller
StimulusTask
core/Application/P3Speller/P3SpellerTask.cpp

App StimulusPresentation
StimulusTask
core/Application/StimulusPresentation/StimulusPresentationTask.cpp

SigProc ARSignalProcessing
core/SignalProcessing/AR/PipeDefinition.cpp

SigProc SpectralSignalProcessing
core/SignalProcessing/Spectral/PipeDefinition.cpp

SigProc DummySignalProcessing
core/SignalProcessing/Dummy/PipeDefinition.cpp

SigProc FFTSignalProcessing
core/SignalProcessing/FFT/PipeDefinition.cpp

SigProc MatlabSignalProcessing
core/SignalProcessing/Matlab/PipeDefinition.cpp
core/SignalProcessing/Matlab/MatlabFilter.cpp
core/SignalProcessing/Matlab/MatlabWrapper.cpp
extlib/matlab

SigProc P3SignalProcessing
core/SignalProcessing/P3/PipeDefinition.cpp
shared/modules/signalprocessing/P3TemporalFilter.cpp

Source SignalGenerator
core/SignalSource/SignalGenerator/SignalGeneratorADC.cpp
shared/modules/signalsource/logging/TestLogger.cpp

Source gUSBampSource
core/SignalSource/g.USBamp/gUSBampADC.cpp
extlib/gtec/gUSBamp
extlib/gtec/gUSBamp/omf/gUSBamp.lib

Tool gUSBampgetinfo
core/SignalSource/g.USBamp/getinfo/gUSBampgetinfo.cpp
extlib/gtec/gUSBamp
extlib/gtec/gUSBamp/omf/gUSBamp.lib

Source gMOBIlab
SourceFilter
core/SignalSource/g.MOBIlab/gMOBIlabADC.cpp
extlib/gtec/gMOBIlab/spa20a.lib

Source gMOBIlabPlus
SourceFilter
GMOBILABPLUS=1
core/SignalSource/g.MOBIlab/gMOBIlabADC.cpp
extlib/gtec/gMOBIlabPlus/gMOBIlabplus.lib

CoreLib Demo3DAPI
#PROJECTTEMPLATE#GUIApp.bpr
#MAINSOURCE##ROOT#\extlib\3DAPI\Demo\Demo.cpp
#OUTDIR##ROOT#\extlib\3DAPI\Demo\
extlib/3DAPI/Demo/Demo.res
extlib/3DAPI/Demo/Demo.cpp
extlib/3DAPI/Demo/UDemoWindow.cpp
extlib/3DAPI/Demo/UDemoWindow.dfm
3DAPI
shared\gui\GUI.cpp
shared\gui\GraphObject.cpp
shared\gui\GraphDisplay.cpp
shared\types\Color.cpp
shared\types\CfgID.cpp
shared\types\VisID.cpp
shared\bcistream\BCIError_guiapp.cpp

#PROJECTGROUP#BCI2000Core
#PROJECTGROUPTEMPLATE#ProjectGroup.bpg

# BCI2000 contrib
App Speller
NO_APP_WINDOW=1
contrib/Application/Speller/UTrialSequence.cpp
contrib/Application/Speller/Task.cpp
contrib/Application/Speller/UDictionary.cpp
contrib/Application/Speller/UserDisplay.cpp
contrib/Application/Speller/UTargetSequence.cpp
contrib/Application/Speller/UTree.cpp
contrib/Application/Speller/UTarget.cpp
contrib/Application/Speller/UStatusBar.cpp
contrib/Application/Speller/UCursor.cpp

SlowWaveApp SlowWaveFeedback
Presentation\Models\PresTaskModel.cpp

SlowWaveApp SlowWaveSpeller
BCI2000_SPELLER=1
Presentation\Models\PresSpellerModel.cpp
Presentation\SpellerDict.cpp
Presentation\SpellerTree.cpp
Presentation\Views\TextFrame.cpp
Presentation\Views\Win32\GUITextFrame.cpp

SigProc CoherenceSignalProcessing
contrib/SignalProcessing/Coherence/PipeDefinition.cpp
contrib/SignalProcessing/Coherence/CoherenceFilter.cpp

SigProc CoherenceFFTSignalProcessing
contrib/SignalProcessing/CoherenceFFT/PipeDefinition.cpp
contrib/SignalProcessing/CoherenceFFT/CoherenceFFTFilter.cpp
contrib/SignalProcessing/Coherence/CoherenceFilter.cpp

SigProc FieldTripBuffer
contrib/SignalProcessing/FieldTripBuffer/FieldTripBufferFilter.cpp
contrib/SignalProcessing/FieldTripBuffer/PipeDefinition.cpp
extlib\fieldtrip\buffer\src\tcpserver.c
extlib\fieldtrip\buffer\src\util.c
extlib\fieldtrip\buffer\src\clientrequest.c
extlib\fieldtrip\buffer\src\dmarequest.c
extlib\fieldtrip\buffer\src\tcprequest.c
extlib\fieldtrip\buffer\src\tcpsocket.c
extlib\fieldtrip\buffer\src\printstruct.c
extlib\fieldtrip\buffer\src\cleanup.c
extlib\fieldtrip\buffer\src\endianutil.c
extlib\fieldtrip\buffer\src\extern.c
extlib\fieldtrip\pthreads-win32\include
extlib\fieldtrip\pthreads-win32\lib\pthreadVC2.bcb.lib

SigProc FIRSignalProcessing
contrib/SignalProcessing/FIR/PipeDefinition.cpp
contrib/SignalProcessing/FIR/FIRFilter.cpp

SigProc HilbertSignalProcessing
contrib/SignalProcessing/HilbertSignalProcessing/PipeDefinition.cpp
contrib/SignalProcessing/HilbertSignalProcessing/CustomFIRFilter.cpp
contrib/SignalProcessing/HilbertSignalProcessing/CustomIIRFilter.cpp
contrib/SignalProcessing/HilbertSignalProcessing/DiffFilter.cpp
contrib/SignalProcessing/HilbertSignalProcessing/HilbertFilter.cpp

SigProc PeakDetectSignalProcessing
contrib/SignalProcessing/PeakDetector/PipeDefinition.cpp
contrib/SignalProcessing/PeakDetector/UPeakDetector.cpp

SigProc SWSignalProcessing
contrib/SignalProcessing/SW/PipeDefinition.cpp
contrib/SignalProcessing/SW/FBArteCorrection.cpp
contrib/SignalProcessing/SW/SetBaseline.cpp
contrib/SignalProcessing/SW/SWFilter.cpp
shared/modules/signalprocessing/AverageDisplay.cpp

Source AmpServerPro
contrib/SignalSource/AmpServerPro/AmpServerProADC.cpp

Source BioRadio
contrib/SignalSource/BioRadio/BioRadioADC.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/BioRadio/bioutils.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/BioRadio/BR150.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/BioRadio/BioRadio150_SDK/BioRadio150DLL_Borland.lib

Source BAlertSource
SourceFilter
contrib/SignalSource/B-Alert/BAlertADC.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/B-Alert/lib/omf/BAlert.lib
contrib/SignalSource/B-Alert//lib/include

Source Biosemi2
SourceFilter
contrib/SignalSource/Biosemi/Biosemi2ADC.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/Biosemi/Biosemi2Client.cpp

Source DASSource
contrib/SignalSource/DASSource/DAS_ADC.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/DASSource/DASQueue.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/DASSource/DAS_lib\DASUtils.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/DASSource/DAS_lib\cbw32_imports.cpp

Source DT2000
contrib/SignalSource/DTADC/dtfun.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/DTADC/DTADC.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/DTADC/da_sdk\OLMEM32.lib
contrib/SignalSource/DTADC/da_sdk\oldaapi32.lib

Source FilePlayback
contrib/SignalSource/FilePlayback/FilePlaybackADC.cpp
shared/fileio/dat/BCI2000FileReader.cpp

#Source gHIampSource
#contrib/SignalSource/gHIampSource/gHIampADC.cpp
#contrib/SignalSource/gHIampSource/gHIampDevice.cpp
#contrib/SignalSource/gHIampSource/lib/inc
#contrib/SignalSource/gHIampSource/lib/omf/gHIamp.lib
# omf version of gHIamp.lib is broken
#
Source MicroMed
contrib/SignalSource/Micromed/MicromedADC.cpp

Source ModularEEG
contrib/SignalSource/ModularEEG/ModularEEGADC.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/ModularEEG/modular_eeg_parser.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/ModularEEG/modular_eeg_parser.h

Source NeuroscanADC
contrib/SignalSource/Neuroscan/NeuroscanADC.cpp

Source NeuroSky
contrib/SignalSource/NeuroSky/NeuroSkyADC.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/NeuroSky/lib
contrib/SignalSource/NeuroSky/lib/omf/thinkgear.lib

Source NISource
contrib/SignalSource/NIDAQ/NIADC.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/NIDAQ/nidaq\nidex32.lib
contrib/SignalSource/NIDAQ/nidaq\nidaq32.lib

Source NIDAQ_mx_Source
contrib/SignalSource/NIDAQ-MX/NIADC.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/NIDAQ-MX/nidaq\NIDAQmx.lib

Source RDAClient
contrib/SignalSource/RDAClient/RDAClientADC.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/RDAClient/RDAQueue.cpp

Tool RDAgetparams
contrib/SignalSource/RDAClient/getparams/RDAgetparams.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/RDAClient/RDAQueue.cpp
shared\types\ParamList.cpp
shared\types\Param.cpp
shared\types\HierarchicalLabel.cpp
shared\types\Brackets.cpp
shared\types\EncodedString.cpp
shared\types\LabelIndex.cpp
shared\bcistream\BCIError.cpp
shared\bcistream\BCIError_tool.cpp
shared\bcistream\BCIException.cpp
shared\utils\ClassName.cpp
shared\utils\OSMutex.cpp
shared\utils\ThreadUtils.cpp

Source TMSi
contrib/SignalSource/TMSi/TMSiADC.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/TMSi/TMSiSDK\RTDevice.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/TMSi/TMSiSDK\Feature.cpp

Source vAmpSource
contrib/SignalSource/vAmp/vAmpADC.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/vAmp/vAmpThread.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/vAmp/vAmpChannelInfo.cpp
contrib/SignalSource/vAmp/vAmpDisplay.cpp
shared/gui/GUI.cpp
extlib/brainproducts/vAmp/FirstAmp.lib
extlib/math/FilterDesign.cpp

# BCPy2000
App PythonApplication
#OUTDIR##ROOT#\contrib\BCPy2000\demo\
DYNAMIC_PYTHON=1
NO_APP_WINDOW=1
contrib/BCPy2000/foundation/shared/PythonWrapper.cpp
contrib/BCPy2000/foundation/shared/PythonFilter.cpp

SigProc PythonSignalProcessing
#OUTDIR##ROOT#\contrib\BCPy2000\demo\
DYNAMIC_PYTHON=1
NO_APP_WINDOW=1
contrib/BCPy2000/foundation/shared/PythonWrapper.cpp
contrib/BCPy2000/foundation/shared/PythonFilter.cpp

Source PythonSource
#OUTDIR##ROOT#\contrib\BCPy2000\demo\
DYNAMIC_PYTHON=1
NO_APP_WINDOW=1
contrib/BCPy2000/foundation/shared/PythonWrapper.cpp
contrib/BCPy2000/foundation/shared/PythonFilter.cpp

#PROJECTGROUP#BCI2000Contrib
#PROJECTGROUPTEMPLATE#ProjectGroup.bpg
